1. The names of team member(s):

Bingxu Chen

2. How to run your code (what command-line switches they are, what happens when you invoke the code, etc.)

If you want to run the complete code(including scraping the data from website part), you need to install following packages: alpha_vantage, urlopen, lxml, xlsxwriter, pandas, numpy, datetime, matplotlib, requests and beautifulsoup To run the whole project, make sure the above packages are installed, you can use the requirements.txt in the src document by inputting 'pip install --user --requirement requirements.txt' and then simply clone the repo at https://github.com/BensonChencbx/INF510_project/tree/master/src and execute the main program, which is "Bingxu_Chen_hw5.py". After that, you will get one excel file and one txt file, which indicates the frame and the analysis. Make sure the excel file and this notebook are under one same directory, then run this notebook.

If you only want to see this file (visiualization part, the data has been processed and saved as excel format in repository), it only requires the following packages: pandas, matplotlib To only see the analysis part(I have answered them in 9 questions) and visiualization part(the latter part in this notebook), make sure the above packages are installed, and then simply clone the repo at https://github.com/BensonChencbx/INF510_project/tree/master/data and execute this notebook.

3. Any major “gotchas” to the code (i.e. things that don’t work, go slowly, could be improved, etc.)

My model use the close price and rate of the former day to replace the non-available value so I think it might cause some small inaccuracy of my result. Also, my model ignores the trading cost and time cost, which means that the model assumes you can buy and sell the asset at the price you see immediately, but actually that's impossible and you might have some loss in the trading process. I think the code can be improved by adding more intereacting part in the executing process so that people can choose funds at their willness directly without changing codes on python.

4. Anything else you feel is relevant to the grading of your project your project.

For some reason, if you try to plot the scatter plot twice, it doesn't work. You'll have to restart the notebook over.

5. What did you set out to study? (i.e. what was the point of your project? This should be close to your Milestone 1 assignment, but if you switched gears or changed things, note it here.)

It can obtain the rerurn and the performance of any two funds you choose as long as you have their abbreviations of the name. You will get a form which contians the return and performance of the portfolio (two funds and 3-months treasury of U.S.) and each asset seperately to compare which one performs better on U.S.'s capital market.

6. What did you Discover/what were your conclusions (i.e. what were your findings? Were your original assumptions confirmed, etc.?)

The multiple of return of portfolio which includs active fund, passive fund and 3-months treasury bill per year is 1.5067 and the excess return per risk share each year is 1.2087 among 16 years. The multiple of return of active fund is 4.5895 and the excess return per risk share each year is 8.4905 among 16 years. The multiple of return of passive fund is 2.5616 and the excess return per risk share each year is 1.9734 among 16 years. The multiple of return of treasury bill is 1.0228 and the excess return per risk share each year is 0.2572 among 16 years.

Thus the portfolio doesn't earn more than active fund nor passive fund and only earn more than treasury bills. In this case, it seems unproper for people to distribute their money on 3 seperate assets on U.S.'s capital market. Maybe it's some other potential reasons that cause the result doesn't match the assumption I have made before like the economical environment has some special changes in the assets that the 2 funds bought.

7. What difficulties did you have in completing the project?

The scrape part is difficult for me at past time since it needs to identify the odd row and even row when I try to scrape the data from website. Also, the converting and reformating my data from dictionary to dataframe is difficult because I need to delete the missing value and unmatched value at the same time. Sometimes, a tiny small bug could be solved for half of the whole day and I think that's the exhausted part.

8. What skills did you wish you had while you were doing the project?

I wish I know all functions about pandas and numpy. It took me a long time to find some corresponding functions to solve some reformating and calculating problems. I learned how to deal with missing value and reformating data with matching at the same time now.

9. What would you do “next” to expand or augment the project?

I think I need to add more intereacting part in my code since I want to improve my program to realize function that people could choose fund they want without changing the code from python. The program now can only change fund people choose by changing code from coding environment.
